The internet as it exists today, is shaped by 1996 
US Communications Decency Act, and specifically Section 230:
"No provider or user of an interactive computer service 
shall be treated 
as the publisher or speaker of any information provided by another 
information content provider."
This shields platform from having to enforce censorship
and providing a platform(only users can be sued for content).
Without section 230, the platform can be sued for user content,
as party responsible for distribution of such content:
Section 230 shifts responsibility by giving websites an implied 
neutral platform status, while it also allows them to moderate content.

Arguments against Section 230 usually concentrate on 
A.Excess moderation under assummed platform neutrality
B.Insufficient moderation and excess protection from libel laws.
Both positions are against free speech, with wide support from
both mainstream US political parties - signifying a change is
likely in the future. Such repeal would destroy modern digital landscapte
due the following:
1.Content-hosting sites will have a huge liability without platform-status
to pre-moderate and check every piece of content posted:
from videos to text comments, the site could be sued for libel,
defamation or violation of public decency(as Communications Decency Act
protection for a platform will no longer apply)
2.A new site based in US will have much more legal burdens:
radically changing the interpretation of 'public content platform'
will not allow a 'neutral platform' to exist at all, requiring 
moderation as there is possibility of law-breaking content.
3.Any user-contributed content will no longer be immune to
lawsuits towards the hosting party: anonymity as it exists today
largely comes from ISP and servers being treated as neutral 'service
providers' like e.g. electricity companies. This will no longer exist.


End-result will be a heavily censored internet with much of user-contgributed
content either deleted or hidden away in e.g. darknets.
Its likely TOR or I2P services will continue for sometime, but
legal measures can be made to block them at protocol level
(ISP deep packet inspection) and seizing the
gateway servers/transmission nodes will kill such networks in most
countries which have legal cooperation with US.
The bedrock of internet legality is ISP/cloud/server hosting not
being liable for their user-content, and removing such protection
effectively turns internet into regimented digital TV:
services like Youtube will likely turn into sterile digital networks
with vetted channells and pre-moderated content of mostly 
commercial variety.




