Using googlestreetview or randomstreetview site,
its possible to explore various features of physical plane,
its composition and energetic flows, without actual travel.
While exploration is physical, it engages etheric and astral
layers by connecting with them on mental/emotional level.

Methodics:
1. goto this site:
https://randomstreetview.com/
use country selector for targeted exploration.
alternative https://showmystreet.com

2.Pick any natural scene. Avoid urban settings,
as physical plane exploration focuses on natural features:
urban exploration has artificial, human-made impediments
which will interfere with most exploration.
It will be valuable at later stages as basic elemental
interactions are applied to urban settings, but not now.

3.Focus on the scene: try to sense the flows
of energy in the place, their charges and composition.
Don't apply logic or reason, just intutive focus and
let mental associations form freely.
A.Try to enjoy the expirience, don't shift randomly
to another scene unless you feel negativity from the scene.
B.Adjust zoom to cover the exact view you feel would be
good for taking a photo.
C.Note the direction of light and its interaction.

4.Emotionally judge the area: is it negative, positive,
uplifting, depressing? Tune into your heart chakra
and sense how you view the area.
Idea to enhance the exploration:
A.Just 'virtually sit' at the area in meditative contemplation,
without any distraction to connect to it.
B.Imagine yourself walking in the area.
C.Imagine what is like to live in the area.
D.Focus on what you perceive as the important features in view
and try to understand their significance.

5.Try to explain what you perceive in terms of elemental
powers of Air, Water,Ether,Earth,Fire interacting.
Apply reasoning to your conclusions.
Must-have questions:
A.What elements dominate the scene?
B.What is the 'nexus of power' in the view of area?
C.What is the direction of energy flow in the scene?
D.What does scene evokes in your mind and heart?

6.Move to next area, repeat until you develop 
a sense of 'area-spirit discernment', allowing to 
deduce the energy that shapes the place intuitevely.
This will be a valuable skill to
quickly perceive such scene when encountered in real exploration.

Note:virtual exploration does not engage the underlying
cthonic(telluric currents, tectonic energy, underground water)
energy,as is fairly safe versus actual exploration in person,
but extensive meditation on a picture of specific place may
cause some mental projection to the area which may connect
the viewer/projecter with the external influence of such
energy(photography carrying this energy linking the etheric
plane location where physical/etheric image was taken),
so its safer to switch scenes after moderate exploration.
