A perfect circle cannot exist in material
implementation, only approximation of the perfect
from. However the virtual reality landscape
allow arbitrary approximation to a perfect
form which transcends material limits:
The simulacra is therefore the only place
where Platonic Forms can be seen at place
where quality of object can be altered at will.

VR expirience could be a gateway to mental
landscapes of immense complexity where each
Form is edited to approximate perfection
as perception and sense data bundles:
perfect music, sound, pictures and forms of
mundane perceptions could be produced by 
neural correlation with "Arbiter AI networks"
made from human brain scans that would
serve as utility functions to determine
perfection of form.
More esoteric secondary qualities of 
color/frequency/vibration of objects could
be tested and combined to reach such states
that would resemble a perfect lucid dream,
an expirience so aesthethically and emotionally
perfect any deviation would diminish harmony.

Such expirience would be extremely captivating
and addicting as would a 'perfect dream' scenario,
that would leave most of humanity living
inside a personlized, neurally correlated 
tailor-made VR dream expirience: this 
existence doesn't exclude matereial progress
as AI could mine human responses and actions
for new content and inspiration - however
conventional history would end within
simulations: people would rather run
perfect simulations of tailor-made virtual-social circles and
societies,rather than participate in
 social VR or real-life society.
 
Some aspects of VR de-socializtion,
and parasocial relationships already begin
to manifest with constructed narratives
of 'Artificial Personalities' such as Virtual
 youtubers(VTubers), AI-driven characters
 and AI-generated content:
A person at the moment doesn't realize
this artificial content could replace
all of human activity as VR simulation,
Entire simulated worlds tailor-made by neural
 "Arbiter AIs" will displace music,art and
 cinema due much faster iteration and 
 clearer objective measure of success;
AIs would evolve with the person as
 "external brains" storing and categorizing
 /evaluating the human state.
 
Examples:
A.A human team currently needs major resources
and equipment to produce a Hollywood-grade film
that will be not suitable for every consumer
on the planet - most will dislike some parts
and enjoy others parts in some form.
An AI having the neural correlates of 
human brain networks would be abnle to construct
a perfect film that in its each moment has
been verified by Arbiter network as best
possible continuation of a film:
(i.e. the sequence of film is built so 
that every frame cannot diminish the quality
of entire previous sequence 
from the perspective of the 'simulated consumer'

B.Social networks create enourmous stress
and maladaptive competition(e.g. keeping up with the Joneses)
But an AI armed with same Arbiter networks
could construct a virtual community which
always satisfies the person being simulated(Arbiter AI)
eliminating all social strife and inconvinience
within a highly harmonious social circle.

C.Fantasies: human imagination is inherently
limited and handicapped by material existence,
which results is constant dissatisfaction
with the world. An AI could use same 
Arbiter networks to evolve any fantasy
scenario and implement any change in real-time
by approximating future response and evaluation
 satisfaction and interest in
 qualities of simulacra.




