How does music create emotions?
Music alters brainwave patterns by forcing
a specific brain rhythm/pattern change
via following mechanisms:
1. Beat patterns: regular percussion sets baseline
 "binaural/monaural" frequency on which brain operates.
Tempo of musical piece in bpm is usually
between 0.5 to 3hz,which lies in delta brainwave
region associated with trance states and deep sleep.
Derived from African drum rhythms, modern music
 creates a shamanic trance state where uncritical
 absorbtion and immersion occur.

2. Frequency sweeps: upward/downward sweeps shift
 brainwave activity towards lower/upper limit
 by gradual change in frequency:
 brain high mental processes are either slowed
 or sped up as "sweeps" alter the operating
 speed from "relaxed"(bass 8-40hz, alpha-beta waves)
 to "concentrated"(40-200hz high gamma/lambda)
 states where mental focus is sharpened.
 
3. Melodic recall: melody entrains the brainwave
into a new pattern which is recalled from repeated
 exposure. The chord progressions, tonal richness
 of musical hooks allow the melody to embed itself
 into memory, with emotional context associations
 they evoke in listener: memories of a melody
 are in effect "brainwave pattern recalls" that
  recreate the mental state of listening at
  the time of exposure.
 
4.Associative recall: emotional memories linked
to semantic or reflexive-associative patterns
 generate specific linked emotions: while it
 appears "emotions of song" are shared these
 emotions are personal associations that only
share statistical probabilities of occurence
not a definite "emotional association" that is
assumed by laypeople when they judge a mood
of a song, taken outside of personal emotional context
in which song is listened to.
 Vocal timbre, object-concept reference and
 personal song interpretations combine into
 a memetic container that is reinforced with
 repeated exposure - growing links and associations
 as song meaning and its relations to self-expression
 are explored by the listener. The complexity
 of evoked emotions and their level of 
 refinement does
 not depend on the "content of song",but by the 
 associative meme-complex they link within
 the mind of listener as associative recall
 binds personal idea-space(Internal configuration) concepts
 and worldviews
 into a coherent musical mood-space(External dynamic state)
 that the the song creates
 during listening(which does
 have concrete emotional subtext, that serves
 as background on which a person builds their 
 own emotional associations and interpretations)
   
