What we think of 'ourselves' is a distinct form of energy nexus for all our worries, doubts and future plans centered on self, a reification of 'self-image' as distinct personality and entity that is manifested by the mind as external 'Self' in context of 'Others'.
The self is reinforced socially, gradually since childhood we learn to think of 'our' interests,plans for future life,learn consequences for misbehaving /violating social norms.
The self-identification grows stronger with reputation, friend circles as persona who must adhere to unseen standards of the past achievements and failures.
We build our own tulpa(thought-form entity, the subject of 'self-attention') that our mind trains to recognize the place in society,our manners and speech, appropriate fashion and personal attributes. The tulpa is centered on the body, and external appearance is the key.

Thats why masks and costumes allow us freedom from the ego. We break the social attachments and hide out internal personas when we change to a different costume or even set of clothes that would make us unrecognizable or different. Subcultural attachment to specific style and mood is in actuality a framework for tulpabuilding: the creation and maintenance of a persona. The conflict between our outward persona and the altruism of the soul is like a theater where we play some scripted role, driven by social expectations, promises of the past and conflict with the environment.We cannot forget our persona simply because the public, friend circles and society collective memory expect us to change little.

Status quo is fine for the ego, it provides stability, both psychical and physical. It however drags the mind into the quagmire or normality and compromise where all we do and spend is in effort to please our egos, the tulpa we sicked on ourselves in misguided effort to serve as beacon of stability and hope in face of social scrutiny and chaotic changes brought by environment. Locked into a form we cannot escape without breaking the ego, disattachment of the tulpa that rules our futures the mind resigns to be a simple servant to the tulpas command: in effect the mind know no better source and interest who aligns with its own design, a self-image created by mind itself. The tulpa has its own interest, its locked into the pleasure centers and afraid of risk to existence. Like a mental parasite tulpa takes the most of thoughts and attention going in the body&mind that revolves around the centrality of the self-image, its comfort, reputation and security in the larger world. As an evolutionary adaptation,
it served humanity well, yet in the end its a roadblock to spiritual growth. Removing this tulpa is akin to ascetic taking vows against himself: denying pleasures and reducing comfort to the minimum.

What is the motivation for an action, who is driving it?
As we learn to separate ego desires from own decisions, the boundary grows stronger and clearer, ego itself is reduced to its niche spots and loses control. The whole act of noticing the source of thoughts and attributing their motivation is like putting the ego-tulpa under a magnifying lens.

It is important to notice the distinction between largely passive observer consciousness and impulse-driven ego. 
Many mistake their ego drive for 'the soul' due its active nature, but lack perspective due mental loops instilled by the ego: misattributing thoughtforms as coming from their own mind and treating all mental activity as internal manifestation of thought process, while in reality tulpa-constructs in the mind are the real drivers and promoters of such activity.
