1."GMO plants need less pesticides"
Actually GMO plants are built for living with toxic pesticide levels that kill other plants(e.g.RoundUp) or produce internal pesticides(BT corn).

2."GMO is the same as selective breeding, just faster". alternatively "We've been genetically modifying organism for thousands of years".
 Selective breeding doesn't introduce new genes or modifies the genes, it selects specimens of normal variation: there is not manipulation on the genetic level.

3."GMO don't need to be labeled as they're functionally the same as normal products. "
Denying customers information is a sure thing something is hidden from consumers. GMOs deserve labeling, just because their creation is not within natural variation(they would not exist without modern genetics).

4."GMOs are required to feed the planet" alternatively "Its another Green Revolution".
There is enough food in the world, most of it is wasted and mismanaged. Increasing yields only cheapens the food price a little - it doesn't remove poverty. GMO yields are far less than what hydroponics and vertical farming allow. The problem of "feeding the planet" is political, not genetic - the GMO plants don't have much advantage in yield.

5."GMO are safe, its the corporations that control them are evil."
 GMOs are young technology, with constant discovery and progress:it does not seem as reliable as conventional breeding when the science advances in strides on this field each year. Genetics of entire species that is a crucial food source is without a margin of error: millions of consumers cannot be guinea pigs. A few megacorporations control most of genetic material of GMO organisms.

6."GMOs are strictly tested to ensure they don't cause disease or side-effects."
 These tests are made by the corporations that produce them or sponsored scientists, truely independent tests are rare. There is real political clout that allow to suppress and shutdown studies these corporations disagree with, numerous shills on social media sites and the whole media apparatus paid to discredit anti-GMO views. It paints a picture similar to tobacco companies denial and supression of smoking research.
