Sex is spiritually corrupting
(with rare exceptions of tantric
 and esoteric rituals that
 don't focus on pleasure aspects),
 due
 draining of body fluids,
 linking chakras with
 different energy patterns and
 opening etheric channels of Sacral
 chakra to parasitic entities.

Sex has many parallels to summoning
 rituals and dark magic practices
 that use sperm and blood to
 initiate contect with lower etheric
 forces eager to consume/infect them.
Sex is generally an energetic luxury expelling
 huge amounts of etheric/astral/mental energy:
it is seen as an energy fountain due the energy freely
escaping the body during sexual activity(unshielded
 energy channel in open system)
 

Q: doesn't it required to reproduce?
Reproduction brings more souls
into material planes that don't
 actually need it: without physical  reproduction
 the human race will manifest
 in etheric and astral planes where
 quality of life is not dependent
 on matter economics, leaving
  the Earth for more primitive souls.

Q: isn't pleasure of sex is spiritual?
That is the point, the high-level  mental/spiritual 
 pleasure of connecting souls
 is corrupted with physical action
 and limited energy transfer of
 fairly gross nature.
 The corruption comes with addiction
 to this cheap spiritual linking
 pattern that requires substantial
 energy use and opens body to
  astral/etheric intrusion to work.
  
Q: is sex required for love?
Technically no. A platonic form
of love with inactive Sacral chakra
link is possible, but most people 
cannot sustain high-level links
such as Heart chakra connections:
the Sacral chakra link is much stronger
as it links directly into our plane
 via Root chakra(as Water in Earth).

Sacral chakra cannot be supressed 
as it is required for healthy
function of body - inactive Sacral chakra
 will create lack of Water element,
 and consciously supressing
 Sacral chakra linking will create
  energetic disbalance,
  thus making any physical love a form of suffering
  for those understanding the
  esoteric implications of chakra linking.
  
