Travel, especially unguided/instinctual represents a desire
 to shift through planes and a change in reality:
 Travel intent is sourced from desire in breaking anchoring
 from a energy-draining/negative/controlling 
 environment & disconnecting from the 'mainstream path'; 
 the idea is that by traveling back and forth, the traveler
  breaches personal anchoring in their home plane(Home)
   and switches(at least in sense of perception) to another plane
    frequency by traveling through some inter-planer gateway/portal.
 
 Notes:
 
1. the change that is seeked is a change in frequency of home plane.
 the subsconscious desire to shift to parallel reality, which is reached
 by breaking bonds with the home/place-of-self which 
 the travel changes into another version(like e.g. parallel worlds).

 2.Travel that brings changes is something unusual,
 not normally seen routes or routines broken, 
 unguided & spontaneous wandering driven by emotion.
 'Travel' can occur everywhere regardless of distancec,
 even inside a room as personal energy shifts with alignment of elements to cardinal direction:
 spontaneus wandering through a house, own street is sufficient
 to induce changes seeked in the same manner as intercontinental travel.
 
 3.Travel direction matters:
 Each cardinal direction has its own element,
 e.g. traveling towards north vs south, increases elements
 of corresponding direction(and depletion of its opposite).
 Traveling underground or uphill climbing is 
 associated with etheric changes.
 
 
 4.Traveling though elements:
 The elemental nature of enviroment influences travelers
  by adding large energy flows typical of the element.
 A.Earth travel: travel close to ground, typical walks.
 B.Water travel: through bodies of water, increases Water element.
 C.Air travel: travel by airplane/blimp/ or any vehicle off ground.
 D.Ether travel: travel through mountains/alpinism/caving.
 E.Fire travel: travel which contains interaction with
  fire sources(fire pits, volcanoes, campfires) as prominent element.
  
 
 
 
